style: apply /style-guide pass to models/sweeps (#2722)
wandb/docs: models/sweeps/parallelize-agents.mdx

Before you start, you must initialize your sweep. For more information, see [Initialize sweeps](/models/sweeps/initialize-sweeps).

## Parallelize on a multi-CPU machine

The following tabs describe how to run multiple sweep agents in parallel on the same machine. Parallel agents are most useful on a machine with multiple CPU cores, where each agent can run on its own core. Choose the tab for the CLI or a Jupyter Notebook based on your workflow.

<Tabs>
<Tab title="CLI">
Use the [`wandb agent`](/models/ref/cli/wandb-agent) command to parallelize your sweep agent across multiple CPUs with the terminal. Provide the sweep ID that W&B returned when you [initialized the sweep](/models/sweeps/initialize-sweeps).

1. Open more than one terminal window on your local machine.
2. Copy and paste the following code snippet and replace `[SWEEP-ID]` with your sweep ID:

   ```bash
   wandb agent [SWEEP-ID]
   ```
</Tab>

> <Tab title="Jupyter Notebook">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Tab title="Notebook">
```

Author: Applied your suggestion.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

> Use the W&B Python SDK library to parallelize your sweep agent across multiple CPUs within Jupyter Notebooks. Ensure you have the sweep ID that W&B returned when you [initialized the sweep](/models/sweeps/initialize-sweeps). Also provide the name of the function the sweep executes for the `function` parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the W&B Python SDK library to parallelize your sweep agent across multiple CPUs within Jupyter Notebooks. Provide the sweep ID that W&B returned when you [initialized the sweep](/models/sweeps/initialize-sweeps) and  set the `function` parameter to the name of the function the sweep executes:
```

Author: Applied your suggestion.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

1. Open more than one Jupyter Notebook.

> 2. Copy and paste the sweep ID on multiple Jupyter Notebooks to parallelize a sweep. For example, if you have the sweep ID stored in a variable called `sweep_id` and the name of the function is `function_name`, paste the following code snippet on multiple Jupyter Notebooks to parallelize your sweep:

Reviewer: Can we just call them notebooks after the first mention?

Author: Applied: "Jupyter Notebooks" → "notebooks" after the first mention.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

   ```python
   wandb.agent(sweep_id=sweep_id, function=function_name)
   ```
</Tab>
</Tabs>

## Parallelize on a multi-GPU machine

> The following procedure describes how to run sweep agents in parallel across multiple GPUs on the same machine, using a terminal with CUDA Toolkit. This procedure requires a machine with more than one GPU. Use `CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` to assign each [`wandb agent`](/models/ref/cli/wandb-agent) to a different GPU so the agents run in parallel without competing for the same device.

Reviewer: This looks like a list of prerequisites and it could be easier to parse as a bullet list.

Author: Converted the requirements into a bullet list (a machine with more than one GPU, the NVIDIA CUDA Toolkit, and a terminal).

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

For example, suppose you have two NVIDIA GPUs on your local machine. Replace `[SWEEP-ID]` in each command with the sweep ID that W&B returns when you initialize a sweep:

1. In one terminal, set `CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` to `0` and start an agent:

   ```bash
   CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=0 wandb agent [SWEEP-ID]
   ```

> 2. In a second terminal, set `CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` to `1` and start another agent with the same sweep ID:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In a separate terminal, set `CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` to `1` and start another agent with the same sweep ID:
```

Author: Applied your suggestion ("second" → "separate").

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_
